The ridiculous prince sent a killer to kill himself
How could there be such a stupid thing in this world?
Now the assassin has committed suicide
Dead man
It's up to His Majesty to decide
Your Highness, thank you
But what is good?
Yuan Qingling had no reason to poison Grandfather Huang
Now trapped in the palace
In case the prince is at any time, you still consider him
No.
In case the princess pushes the knowledge of the murder case on you
Wouldn't that be true to those innocents?
The Imperial City Division will use torture for interrogation
It would be better if he lived with this king
No, this king must attack
The prince cannot
Your Majesty has a decree that the concubine cannot enter the palace
Do you want to resist the decree?
Then report to the father
The king confessed
The king confesses
Everything Yuan Qingling did was ordered by this king
How to plead guilty
Is it really worth it for a woman?